flashrom: Install udev-rules file (#128205)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2111.section.md

- [ucarp](https://download.pureftpd.org/pub/ucarp/README), an userspace implementation of the Common Address Redundancy Protocol (CARP). Available as [networking.ucarp](options.html#opt-networking.ucarp.enable).

> - [programs.flashrom.enable](options.html#opt-programs.flashrom.enable) Installs flashrom and configures udev rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users of flashrom should migrate to [programs.flashrom.enable](options.html#opt-programs.flashrom.enable) and add themselves to the `flashrom` group to be able to access devices supported by flashrom.
```

> - Users of flashrom should migrate to [programs.flashrom.enable](options.html#opt-programs.flashrom.enable) and add themselves to the `flashrom` group being able to access programmers supported by flashrom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users of flashrom should migrate to [programs.flashrom.enable](options.html#opt-programs.flashrom.enable) and add themselves to the `flashrom` group to be able to access programmers supported by flashrom.
```
